secret sauce tips for your leadership style number one. It's always good
to make them laugh if you're up there, you know, presenting to the
unit and you can make people start banging on the desk and laughing
and stuff, you know? Then then your winner in their eyes. You know,
that gives you a little bit of space to make some mistakes and have
them say I you know, it's fine. Um, if you are so strict all the time,
then you know you don't build that communion that's necessary,
toe. Have a good relationship. Also, put your experience in there so
there's gonna be, let's say, for instance, so many trainings that you're
gonna be doing. And it's gonna say, Well, um, drunk driving and
the power plant slide is gonna be there, and you're gonna have people
like looking off into the into the wild. But as a chief every now
and then, you know, you assert your authority by, um, you know, you
know, interrupting the first class is giving the training and saying,
Hey, you know what, Um, unit. In my experience, I had this experience,
um, one of my friends he got busted for drunk driving. He was
fined $10,000 and he got busted down one. And he was a good friend
of mine. And this is what happened to him, X, y and Z, you know, So
if you would have done this, it would have been better. Continue with
your story. If you put little spices like that little pieces like
that in whatever you're doing, being counseling, be it training, be
it even just jogging. You know, you just mentioned something that's
happening or you have your own, like little flavor off a ditty that
you can do. Then everyone's gonna respect you a little bit more, I think.